[Music]
I'm here to meet it with some friends
and how I'm gonna find them
[Music]
y'all killed it you guys do not know who
this dude is introduce yourself hi my
name is dawn at piano around everywhere
right yeah okay
so you probably like recognized so he
takes a piano but most of the time like
a line he takes a real life huge like ya
box piano and what are some cool places
that you brought that to I take them to
the mountains of the Rocky Mountains the
Swiss Alps to take up to Europe to Latin
America Argentina crazy and he just goes
around the world spanha and jams it up
yeah but he's based here in New York and
look I might I don't know I don't know
my kids shred on the drum so you don't
call it shred when it's drumming what do
you call it when it's drumming
trying to rip on throwing it you rip
some drum I was impressed all again
Sarah behind the scenes that you never
see it's like get it down here
we got like six people out all right so
we could do it totally we can do this
yeah maybe we can ask them a passerby
yes just some strangers to help us
excuse me
all of the buildings down here are to
die for I want to move in to every
single office building down here we're
headed to an amazing burger slash
dessert place it's very well known on
the internet hopefully we can get the
seats so the line for this place goes
around the block you're right we found
this cute little place full tradition
burger
whoo you're lovin lovin life right now
delicious burger I just ordered a shake
I'm gonna have a shake don't live like
we already said goodbye it wasn't this
awkward when we said goodbye in real
life oh my gosh guys are you overwhelmed
yet by the amount of awesome creative
people that are in this city it's pretty
unreal speaking of cool creative people
yesterday I hung out three people toots
just learned he's shy freakin Oprah okay
I wonder why
look at that that's your book
hi this what I didn't know you haven't
but did I know this about you that's
amazing
when witness yeah okay look at it
holiday season last year fairness is the
outdoorsy type person she's just worked
with REI and she just did a campaign for
him and so her picture is actually in
the source after we saw Vivian's book
now we have to go see do I have any
books anywhere do I have any posters of
you look Rose you're famous how does it
feel
they are insanely talented photographers
and enter Natters it was fun because
Aaron I just met her via Instagram I
like commented on each other pictures
everything I realize love stuff like
that I'm being so social mom are you
proud that I'm leaving my apartment on a
regular basis I gotta get some sleep
tonight gotta get all this sleep because
it's a big day tomorrow I'm terrified
actually
it's Thanksgiving I'm not terrified
because it's Thanksgiving
it's because it's the big big Macy Day
Parade in New York City parade and I'm
going to it from New York City the
National Broadcasting Company presents a
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
so most balloons ever the famous bands
in the land and stars of stage and
television say it again it is a absolute
celebration of New York City New York
Police Department to Macy's folks
everybody here to make this parade
possible the way it works as I say it is
a love affair in New York City just
there's a spider
[Music]
that was high Seinfeld it's very close
to parade time
[Music]
okay I'll be back for New Year's this is
so crazy right now because the entire
all of these roads all these avenues
were completely open to
sarunas just like walking in the street
7:57
let me know
Oh baby don't cha Oh
me let me know a bang
[Music]
we go
we're going to Big Daddy's diner
amazing diner
Flatiron District for having a proper
Thanksgiving breakfast brunch watching
the rest of the parade
oh there's spongebob that was one of our
favorite floats are you guys aren't
following me on Instagram gotta follow
me on that Instagram but leave this
picture I got a spongebob scoot to him
creepin I look at all of this food oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my god okay it's so
good how was how is the Thanksgiving
brunch lunch it's so good I know no
cooking no worries
today was Thanksgiving and it was such a
good Thanksgiving it was my first
friendsgiving Thanksgiving I got to hang
out with some friends I'm not going back
to Texas until Christmas I'm very
excited for that but today was such a
fabulous day I did something that I have
always wanted to do and that is to see
the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade in real
life with my real eyes that parade is
something that I've always watched on TV
and so to be in New York City and be
able to just go and watch it is unreal
if you're not from the States and you
really have no idea what that is the
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade is
something that is a huge huge deal that
is always broadcast on on the TVs and
it's this big parade that starts on the
Upper West Side in New York City and
goes all the way down to where the
Macy's is off 34th Street in Midtown and
once the parade gets the end by the
Macy's store that's where some of the
floats just like stop and there's
performances you know a lot of the
people who are on the floats are singers
and celebrity-type people or high school
fans and it's just it's just a fun it
was it was fun it was cool to see it
I ate so much food at that diner it was
so so good
and I just a lot of great conversation I
it was it was refreshing there's a lot
going on in the world right now and I
think the more we have honest real
conversations with people in real life
sharing perspectives instead of wrapping
up those thoughts and 140 characters on
Twitter I think the better off we're
going to be and today was refreshing and
good conversation good hangs with some
good good New York people tired though
that was flattering I have been so bad
with sleep lately I've been editing and
answering emails at like 1:00 2:00 a.m.
and then I'm like oh wait but my
apartment needs to be clean and then
I'll stay up until like 3:00 for doing
that and it'll be like oh wait I need to
do its I need to chill I'm gonna slowly
figure out how to get my body on the
schedule that
everyone else's working on it that's
what I'll do tonight
go to bed early wake up seven to eight
hours later hopefully go for a run
because I haven't gone for a run in a
long time cuz it's been so cold you
probably figure that out like a gym
membership or something for the winter
so I don't turn into a complete slob a
lot of good adventures that are coming
up I'm excited to share with you guys
kind of my Texas family life because a
lot of you don't really know the Texas
me you just know the New York Sarah so
it'll it'll be fun have the bestest
weekend ever ever ever ever and I'm not
fully committing to it but stay alert
there might be a bonus video sometime on
Sunday maybe maybe
so make sure you hit that subscribe
button down below let me know if you
like this video I'm agree we can okay
but I mean I mean I mean stay peachy
okay bye
she's got friggin home-heating
spectacles a taxi cab just hit me I was
writing down the the lights you know the
pedestrian lights they don't they have
like el-sheikh they have the walking man
the stop sign like the stop hand